category_name- Sports

title- RCB vs GT, IPL 2026 Qualifier

short-description- One-way action in the IPL's Qualifier 1 as GT are thoroughly overpowered and outclassed in Dharamshala by defending champs RCB

blog_body- A couple of key moments going against GT, but in truth it was RCB all the way as they booked a spot in another IPL final. Rajat Patidar will take the headlines with a captain's performance for a record playoff score, before the bowling blew apart GT's batting to make the match a near-formality. Dominant start to the playoffs.(PTI)


category_name- Politics

title- PM Modi gifts Melody to Meloni

short-description- As PM Modi gifted a pack of Melody toffees to Italy's Meloni, the Parle stock rallied, but it was the wrong Parle.

blog_body- Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is in Italy for an official trip, had an unusual gift for his Italian counterpart Giorgia Meloni – a pack of Melody toffees. And the news didn't just break the internet. They sent the stock of Parle rallying. Track updates on Modi's Italy visit


category_name- Science
title- ( es category ko blank rakhna hai )
short-description- 
blog_body-  


category_name- Health

title- Don't drink alcohol? Gastroentrologist shares liver can still be at risk:

short-description- Despite drinking limited alcohol, or even being a teetotaler, you can develop liver disease. This debunks the age-old misconception of liver-alcohol link.

blog_body- World Liver Day 2026: The liver is one of the most critical organs in our body, responsible for several essential functions that play an indispensable role in overall well-being, from facilitating detoxification and digestion to supporting immunity and metabolism. To put its importance into perspective, according to Michigan Medicine, the liver performs over 500 functions to keep the body healthy.



category_name- Business

title- Investors just can’t get enough of stocks these days

short-description- Samsung was among chip makers at the core of this week’s stock rally.

blog_body- Investors just can’t get enough of stocks these days. War in the Middle East, the largest energy shock in history and worries about artificial intelligence have done little to cool their ardor. Major indexes are back at records. U.S. corporations are wrapping up a blockbuster earnings season. Wall Street is piling in.




category_name- Technology

title- Elon Musk is going all-in on an unproven technology

short-description- IT IS A launch of a more bureaucratic sort than normal for SpaceX, but still characteristically spectacular

blog_body-  IT IS A launch of a more bureaucratic sort than normal for SpaceX, but still characteristically spectacular. On May 20th, after America’s financial markets had closed, Elon Musk, the rocketry firm’s founder and the world’s richest man, lit the blue touch paper on the biggest initial public offering ever. Documents filed with American regulators pave the way for SpaceX, which has conquered space but is spending a fortune on artificial intelligence (ai), to make its debut on the NASDAQ exchange in June.


category_name- Education

title- JEECUP Admit Card 2026 LIVE

short-description- JEECUP Admit Card 2026 LIVE: UP Polytechnic hall tickets will be released today, May 27, 2026. The hall tickets will be available on official website

blog_body-  JEECUP Admit Card 2026 LIVE: The Joint Entrance Examination Council, Uttar Pradesh will release the JEECUP Admit Card 2026 today, May 27, 2026. The Uttar Pradesh polytechnic exam hall tickets will be released in the evening. Candidates who will appear for the examination can download the admit card when released through the official website of
